Chapter 2 : Speed - Ryush Shin

Location : Boroventia Road

Ryush Shin: "Thankfully Mom is with Vait at the hospital. Divorce has made mom to do anything freely, even though she is a nurse. She might get fired soon. Anyways, I have so many questions to ask you, Sunday."

Sunday Prian: "She's Aayi Barbooza. She, like us, is from Boroventia and currently working at the company where I'm supposed to give the interview."

Ryush Shin: "Oh! I need to scold and sue the CEO. They are responsible for my brother being here because of their prototypes. I will be coming with you, Sunday, to give them a piece of my mind."

Sunday Prian: "Well yeah!"

Ryush Shin: "Do not try to stop me. You may go home and get prepared. I'll reach your place with my bike."

Sunday Prian: "Yes. Sure."

(After an hour, Ryush rode his bike and reached Sunday's house)

Sunday Prian: "We've got two hours left, but I need to get there half an hour early to settle in. Take the quickest route possible."

Ryush Shin: "We'll try to avoid those three tests if we can. By the way, do you find it suspicious that Aayi knew where you were?"

Sunday Prian: "I told Aayi I go to the gym, but I never mentioned the timing. It could be a coincidence or something deliberate."

Ryush Shin: "Maybe they're tracking you because of your job application, which is illegal. Let's see. If my guess is right, we might run into those tests on the shortcut."

Sunday Prian: "That's a good theory, and those tests could also cause traffic."

Ryush Shin: "If they do, the company should compensate for the traffic. Anyway, let's get going."

(Sunday hopped on Ryush's bike, and they set off. A few minutes later)

Sunday Prian: "Look, there's a rock barrier ahead. There's a person in a brown and yellow prototype on the footpath. What's the plan?"

Ryush Shin: "Hold on tight. I'm speeding up and attempting a stunt to get past that barrier."

Sunday Prian: "What!?"

(Ryush accelerated towards the rock barrier, pulling a wheelie to clear it. Both wheels ascended the wall as the front wheel hit, propelling the bike into the air)

Sunday Prian: "Ahh! What are you doing?"

(The person in the prototype pushed some rocks toward the bike and moved the rest of the barrier forward. These rocks struck the bike's rear wheel, forcing it to land before the barrier, thus blocking Ryush and Sunday from proceeding)

Xitu Abino D'Steepz: "Welcome to your second test. I am Xitu Abino D'Steepz."

Ryush Shin: "You will allow us to skip this test. Get ready."

(Ryush defeats Xitu via KO)

Sunday Prian: "I survived."

Ryush Shin: "Thanks to my stunt driving and kickboxing skills."

Sunday Prian: "You made us fly through the air."

Ryush Shin: "More like a scientist passed one of the three tests due to a stunt driver."

Sunday Prian: "Alright, let's keep going."

Location : Riverside Road

Ryush Shin: "The wind is picking up. I am having difficulty controlling the bike." 

Sunday Prian: "Incoming tidal wave!"

Ryush Shin: "Hold tight; we might not outrun it."

(Despite Ryush's increased speed, they couldn't escape the wave hitting them. They were thrown to the ground)

Ryush Shin: "Sunday, are you okay?"

Sunday Prian: "I am fine."

(A blue and violet-coloured human flew from the sky toward them)

Jivani Bel: "I am Jivani Bel. Sunday, you failed the test."

Ryush Shin: "It was more like you failed an attempt to murder us."

(Jivani descends from the sky)

Jivani Bel: "I am still learning to control this prototype. My apologies for that."

Sunday Prian: "Ryush, let's go home. I don't want to work in a company where tests are deadly."

Jivani Bel: "You both will have to wait. The leader of the project will meet you soon."

Ryush Shin: "I agree, Sunday. We will sue them later. Let’s go!"

Jivani Bel: "You both can not go."

(Jivani controls a water sphere from the nearby river and aims it in front of Ryush’s legs)

Ryush Shin: "We are going."

(Ryush defeats Jivani via KO)

Ryush Shin: "I’m going to retrieve my bike."

(Ryush tries to start his bike but fails)

Ryush Shin: (angrily) "You crone! My bike broke down because of you. You tried to harm us and destroy my stuff."

Jivani Bel: "I am not an old woman but an aspiring actress. It was part of his test because it will be part of his job role."

(She begins to create water spheres and launch them at Ryush, who takes cover behind his bike)

Sunday Prian: "It was my test. Why are you attacking him?"

Jivani Bel: "Okay! You will face my wrath too."

(She starts hurling water spheres at Sunday too, who also takes cover behind Ryush's bike)