Chapter 3 : Compensation - Maytan Bel

(A red, orange, and yellow person appears in the sky)

Maytan Bel: "Stop hitting them with those water spheres!"

Jivani Bel: "But Sunday's friend called me a crone."

Maytan Bel: "Still stop it."

(Maytan descends and lands on the ground)

Maytan Bel: "You both can stop taking safety behind the bike. I am Maytan Bel."

Sunday Prian: "I am Sunday. He's Ryush. I don't want any more of these life-threatening tests. I am not interested in joining."

Maytan Bel: "It was not meant to be life-threatening like a tidal wave. It was supposed to be an obstruction, like how Aayi held you with a creeper, and Xitu controlled a rock barrier."

Ryush Shin: "But my brother was electrocuted!"

Maytan Bel: "That was Aayi’s mistake. But anyway, we are compensating for that as well. We have come up with a compensation interview for you and Sunday."

Ryush Shin: "I am not interested in this company. I will punch my way out of here."

Maytan Bel: "Ryush, are you officially challenging me, an MMA fighter, for a fight?"

Ryush Shin: "Well, if you are holding me up, then yes. I am a kickboxer as well."

Maytan Bel: "Sure then. Since you're tired, I won't throw punches or kicks to make it fair, just grapples. However, there's one wager. If I make you tap out, you both are coming for the interview."

Ryush Shin: "Seems fair."

Sunday Prian: "Ryush, why? Maytan is in a prototype. He will have the advantage."

Maytan Bel: "Oh no. This prototype can only control fire and give flight ability. It cannot create fire or give super strength."

Sunday Prian: "How do we trust it considering Vait is in hospital due to it."

Maytan Bel: "I am wearing only briefs due to this prototype. Fine. I will strip down to it and wrestle."

Sunday Prian: "Okay."

Maytan Bel: "Jivani help me remove this prototype."

(Jivani helps Maytan to remove his prototype for the fight)

(Maytan defeats Ryush via Submission)

Sunday Prian: "Well, as promised, we will come for the interview. You'll need to give us a ride. The bike isn't working due to her."

Maytan Bel: "I’m sorry on behalf of my sister’s actions. We will arrange a car."

(They wait as Maytan arranges a car for them)

Sunday Prian: "How did you know about our location?"

Maytan Bel: "We were tracking."

Sunday Prian: "When did I permit that?"

Maytan Bel: "When you applied and ticked the terms and conditions checkbox on the job application."

Sunday Prian: "Oh. Okay. The car has arrived."

(Ryush and Sunday headed to Moonlight Tangent Technologies in the car. Meanwhile, Jivani was being naughty and mischievous towards her brother as revenge for stopping her earlier. After gearing up, Maytan and Jivani flew to the interview location with Ryush's bike. Upon reaching their destination, Sunday and Ryush are escorted to a waiting room, where they wait for half an hour. They are eventually taken to an interview room, where they find Maytan and Xitu with an unfamiliar woman) 

Sairah Tangent: "I am Sairah Tangent, the Founder and President of Moonlight Tangent Technologies. This interview is more like a compensation negotiation meeting. Firstly, we will give you both jobs here."

Ryush Shin: "Even my brother, Vait, should get a job since your prototype landed him in the hospital."

Sairah Tangent: "Well, we will acknowledge that request. In addition to that, we are paying the medical bills for Vait. To keep the knowledge of the prototypes confidential, we only ask that you refrain from suing us."

Ryush Shin: "Agreed."

(They all then negotiated the salary and other benefits)

Sairah Tangent: "I'm happy we have members interested in kickboxing and mixed martial arts. It is necessary for risky research expeditions. Yesterday, during training, we had the inaugural Moonlight Tangent Technologies Champion, in short, MTT Champion crowned."

(Maytan defeated Xitu via submission for the MTT Championship in a flashback fight)

Sairah Tangent: "Sunday, you will be the first one he will defend against since we would want to analyze your kickboxing skills."

Ryush Shin: "Why didn't he defend it when we fought early today?"

Maytan Bel: "You weren't part of MTT at that time. Once you both sign the contracts, you both are eligible."

Sunday Prian: "When will our bout take place?"

Sairah Tangent: "Within this week, you all will receive the contracts. So the bout will happen on your first day."

Sunday Prian: "And when is our first day?"

Sairah Tangent: "Your first day will be when Vait can join the two of you. Can I visit him tomorrow?"

Ryush Shin: "Well, okay."

Sairah Tangent: "Cool. Do you have any other questions?"

Sunday Prian: "No, we don't."

Sairah Tangent: "Alright, then. The interview is over."