Chapter 1 : Agility - Vait Shin

Location : Boroventia Gym

(Sunday Prian, Ryush Shin, and Vait Shin were doing their workouts.)

Vait Shin: (stops workout suddenly) "Enough workout for today! I need rest!"

Sunday Prian: "Okay. We will end if you win your sparring match against Ryush."

Vait Shin: "So unfair. Fine."

(Vait defeats Ryush in the sparring via TKO)

Vait Shin: "Yay! We can leave now."

Sunday Prian: "You weren’t agile enough. You need to be fast!"

Vait Shin: (hysterically) "You didn’t fight me. What makes you think that you are agile."

Ryush Shin: "Don't you have an interview soon?"

Sunday Prian: "Oh yes. Let’s end the session. I have to leave soon."

Vait Shin: "Ain’t you scared to fight me?"

Sunday Prian: "We will have our bout when the time is right for both of us." 

(They packed their stuff and left the gym)

Location : Boroventia Road

Sunday Prian: "Who is that clown over there?"

Vait Shin: "Must be one of your friends."

Sunday Prian: "Ha ha, funny. Are you still upset that I questioned your agility?"

Vait Shin: "Yes, I am."

Sunday Prian: "I am sorry that … that clown over there isn’t my friend."

(A creeper plant on the roadside suddenly caught Sunday’s left leg)

Aayi Barbooza: "I am not a clown, Sunday."

Sunday Prian: "Aayi, is that you?"

Aayi Barbooza: "Yes, it’s me."

Sunday Prian: "Why are you in this weird tight costume? And this creeper clinging onto me, did you do that?"

Aayi Barbooza: "Yes, it is one of the prototypes we are working on. This prototype is capable of controlling the movement of plants, trees, lightning, and electric sparks."

Sunday Prian: "That is awesome. But make this creeper leave me."

Aayi Barbooza: "No, I can’t."

Sunday Prian: "Why can’t you make this leave me? Don’t you know how to fully control the movement?"

Aayi Barbooza: "I do know that. I need to delay you, hence I need to hold you with that creeper."

Sunday Prian: "What? Why would you want to delay me?"

Aayi Barbooza: "It is confidential, I cannot tell you."

Sunday Prian: "Please leave me. Else, I will have to do something."

Aayi Barbooza: "You cannot do anything. That creeper is clinging to you."

Sunday Prian: "Ryush, please remove this creeper."

(Just as Ryush moved to remove the creeper, Aayi manipulated another creeper, which grabbed Ryush's arms)

Vait Shin: (furiously) "Leave my brother alone. Otherwise, you all will see that I am quite agile."

(Vait defeats Aayi via TKO)

(Aayi accidentally controls an electric spark towards Vait, thus electrocuting him. Aayi makes the creepers leave Sunday and Ryush)

Aayi Barbooza: "Oh crap! I am sorry. Take him to the hospital soon. Sunday, the delay attempts are tests for your employment. As you approach Moonlight Tangent Technologies, you will encounter three more roadblocks. Got to go. All the best."

(Aayi left immediately while Sunday and Ryush rushed Vait to the hospital and admitted him)